Explaining my implementation of Divergence loss using decay factor:

The decay factor represents the rate at which the divergence loss increases as the absolute difference between the current value and the reference value increases.
For example, if the decay factor is 0.1 and the absolute difference between the current value and the reference value is 2.0, the divergence loss will be 0.2. If 
the absolute difference is 3.0, the divergence loss will be 0.3. In general, the divergence loss will be equal to the decay factor multiplied by the absolute difference 
between the current value and the reference value.The purpose of the decay factor is to incentivize liquidity providers to keep their value close to the reference value. If 
the decay factor is high, the divergence loss will increase rapidly as the absolute difference between the current value and the reference value increases, which should 
encourage liquidity providers to adjust their value so that it stays close to the reference value. On the other hand, if the decay factor is low, the divergence loss will 
increase more slowly as the absolute difference increases, which may result in liquidity providers being less motivated to keep their value close to the reference value.
In the context of this implementation, the threshold represents the minimum absolute difference between the current value and the reference value required for the divergence 
loss to be non-zero. If the absolute difference is less than the threshold, the divergence loss is 0. Otherwise, the divergence loss is the decay factor multiplied by the
difference between the absolute difference and the threshold.
The threshold is defined as a private member variable of the DivergenceLoss class and is initialized in the constructor. It is passed as an argument to the constructor
and stored in the threshold_ member variable.
For example, if the threshold is 1.0 and the absolute difference between the current value and the reference value is 0.5, the divergence loss will be 0.0 because the absolute
difference is less than the threshold. If the absolute difference is 1.5, the divergence loss will be 0.1 * (1.5 - 1.0) = 0.1. In general, the divergence loss will be equal to the
decay factor multiplied by the difference between the absolute difference and the threshold if the absolute difference is greater than or equal to the threshold.
The purpose of the threshold is to allow some flexibility in the value of the current value relative to the reference value, while still incentivizing liquidity providers
to keep their value close to the reference value. If the threshold is set too low, liquidity providers may be too heavily incentivized to keep their value close to the
reference value, which could result in reduced liquidity. On the other hand, if the threshold is set too high, liquidity providers may not be motivated enough to keep their
value close to the reference value, which could also result in reduced liquidity.

