Mia Chambat 
This week (week 2), I was tasked, with Kaoutar,
to understand and summarize how to aggregate the 
data and make it analysable to run our Monte Carlo 
simulation. For this, we analyzed papers and different 
existing Monte Carlo projects and summed this all up in 
a collaborative document. In addition, we made sue to 
understand the different functions already implemented 
in the project and how they will be useful for us. 
The next step that now needs finalizing is to determine 
the exact functions we will be using and divide them up 
between the members of our Econ Research Team.  

Kaoutar Fahraoui

This week, I reviewed all the current codes written by 
my teammates, made some annotations in order to 
understand the written codes and to determine which 
classes are we inheriting from for our simulation. 
The goal is to find a way to aggregate all the data and 
make it analysable. 

Shubh Lashkery

I went into a deep dive in to the Random library to see 
how we could implement some of the random walk simulations
especially since we would like to be able to have a sample 
that is responsive to the current parameters of the system.

Furthermore I looked into the already implemented functions 
and started to use them to implement the simulation.

The main thing to do will be to create a rudimentary class
through which explansions can occur through simply addiding
extra and modified member functions. However creating a 
simple working class will be the first main priority.

Gabriele Biroli

This week, Shubh and I were tasked to do further research on 
parameters effects on agents’ outcomes. Hence, we ran some 
simulations taking a random sample and spent the week learning 
the standard template library (random one). 
Furthermore, we read through the other teams’ code as well, 
in order to understand and determine which already implemented 
functions will be useful for us further on in the project. Now, 
this week we will focus on starting to code the simulation and 
understanding how to measure key determinants of Slippage and 
Divergence Loss.

